feat(quickstart): override Redis dependency instead of yaml edit (#679)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/tour/extend-and-deploy.mdx

### Deploying the application with a key-value provider

> We can still use `wash dev`, we'll just need to override the `wasi:keyvalue` capability dependency with the Redis provider. Open up the `wasmcloud.toml` file and add the following lines to the end:

Author: One thing I did experience is that `wash dev` does _not_ actually pick this up automatically during the dev loop. So in this case, you'll have to CTRL+c and then run `wash dev` again 😢 

I'll see if I can fix this bug, but it might be worth noting here

Reviewer: Consolidated the instructions to stop and restart `wash dev` (previously in separate sections) to make this requirement clearer, and then we can remove when wasmCloud/wasmCloud#4064 merges and is included in a release!

```toml
name = "http-hello-world"
version = "0.1.0"
language = "<your_language>"
type = "component"

[component]
wasm_target = "wasm32-wasip2"

[[dev.overrides.imports]] # [!code ++:4]
interface_spec = "wasi:keyvalue@0.2.0-draft"
image_ref = "ghcr.io/wasmcloud/keyvalue-redis:0.28.2"
config = { values = { url = "redis://127.0.0.1:6379" } }
```

When `wash dev` finds your component's dependency on a `keyvalue` capability, it will instead deploy the Redis provider instead of the NATS provider.

![manual deploy diagram](../images/quickstart-diagram-2.png)

> Once you save `wasmcloud.toml`, we can start our developer loop up again. We'll take a look at the actual change this made to how `wash dev` generated your application later in the tutorial, so we can also output that application manifest to the current directory for later inspection.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph reads a little awkward to me. Suggestions @ericgregory ?

> Once you save `wasmcloud.toml`, we can start our developer loop up again. We'll take a look at the actual change this made to how `wash dev` generated your application later in the tutorial, so we can also output that application manifest to the current directory for later inspection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After saving `wasmcloud.toml`, we'll start our developer loop again. This time, we'll use the `--manifest-output-dir` flag to generate an application manifest in the current directory. (We'll take a look at that file later in the tutorial.)
```

Note that our increments are starting over again&mdash;after all, we swapped out the dev key-value store for a totally different one!

When you're done with development, you can stop `wash dev` with CTRL+C..

> ## The Application Manifest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The application manifest
```
